cli.md: los widgets publicados con el CLI quedan de solo lectura en el panel (#1059)
modyo/modyo-docs: docs/en/platform/tools/cli.md

Once a widget is deployed and published in Modyo, it's available to be used on the pages of the site it belongs to.

If you have defined [variables](/en/platform/channels/global-variables.html), their values can be specified at a global level or particular to each widget instance.

## CLI widgets in the admin

> A widget created or updated with `modyo-cli push` is marked in the platform as a read-only widget, because its source code lives in your repository and not in Modyo. This is a direct consequence of deploying with the CLI, and it's worth knowing before adopting it.

Author: Accepted — the finding is correct and my own text contradicted itself. Verified in `master`: `read_only` is only assigned in `Widgets::WidgetDefinition.build_from_params`, called from the controller `create` action; `update` never touches it. The mark depends on the widget having been **created** by the CLI, not on it receiving a push.

Fixed in `e1a408f74` across all four locations (both pages, both languages). `cli.md` now says **created** and adds the missing consequence: a widget that already existed in the panel and later receives a CLI deploy keeps its editing. `widgets.md` was reworded the same way.

The same behavior applies to any template that exceeds the allowed size limit, with the message "The file has differences but the size of the file surpass the limit permitted and can not be displayed".

You also can't use **Reset to this version** to take a CLI widget back to a previous version. To review or revert changes between deployments, use your repository history and run `modyo-cli push` again with the version you need.

### The ZIP from the Download button

The **Download** button calls `GET /api/admin/sites/{site_id}/widget_definitions/{id}/download` and builds a ZIP on the fly from the templates stored in the platform. It is not the file you uploaded, and its content does not match your build:

- Entry files are renamed with the widget identifier: `<uuid>.js`, `<uuid>.css`, and `<uuid>.html`, instead of `main.js` and `main.css`.
- Chunks lose their path: only the last segment of the name is kept, so the folder structure is not rebuilt.
- `.wasm` files are delivered decoded.

> - The ZIP includes the source maps, unlike the **Chunks** counter in the Summary screen, which leaves them out. That is why the ZIP usually carries more files than that number announces.

Reviewer: Mismo caso que en la version en espanol, para mantener el espejo.

```suggestion
- The ZIP always carries three more files than the **Chunks** counter shows: that counter only counts chunks, while the ZIP also includes the three entry files.
```

Author: Aplicada también, en el mismo commit `bd8b4db74`. La evidencia completa está en el hilo de la versión en español.
